Colin Lemire


## Technical Achievements
- **Styled page with CSS**: Added rules for the li, a, img, footer,  and h1/h2 selectors.
    - **li**: Changed the color of the list items to stand out from regular <p> text.
    - **a**: Changed the font style to be italicized because I felt that the hyperlink did not stand out enough from the other text in the footer.
    - **footer**: Added a border and a background color to distinguish the end of the page from the beginning. Padding and margin set to a standard 5px.
    - **img**: The image I used for the color palette is quite large. This made me want to decrease the size of the image. I did this by setting the width to 65% - still large enough to see both the colors and hexcodes clearly, but not so big that it is the only thing to be seen on the screen. I realize this also affects the javascript animation I made, but the image still renders in properly so I don't mind.
    - **h1/h2**: Set these both to the same color - a dark blue that stands out prominently on the page. 
    - **table/td/th**: I made sure to do other selectors since I copied the styling from the following website: https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_tables.asp. I can show you the exact code I copied (it was only the CSS) to make the table look good on request. I changed the colors for the table rows and changed the width to only be 70% of the page, as I thought that these changes made the page feel more cohesive. 
- **Simple JavaScript Animation**: I added an img element of a stock image of a guy giving a thumbs up. As I do not have much coding experience with JS, I learned how to do this from the following link: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_animate.asp. This website showed a simple animation, and after learning how it worked, I decided to code it in a way I understood. I also adapted the code to fit my website more, making it move continuously and across the entire length of the screen. The result is a guy giving you a thumbs up bouncing around the screen like those old DVD screensavers (see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mGuCdlCcNM). 
- **Experimentation with HTML Tags**: I used tags like img, footer, a, header, and ul.
    - **img**: This tag was probably the most difficult to work with, as I did not understand how to make the images appear when the server was deployed. However, I realized that my problem was not making a case for grabbing the png file in server.js. Figuring out this problem helped me later when making my JS animation, as I needed to connect the server to the image again.
    - **footer**: I used the footer to leave some notes at the end of the page. I read online that its commonly used to separate credits for writing the page from the actual content of the page. You'll see the credits (spoiler: it was written by me).
    - **a**: I used the a element to create a hyperlink. I wasn't sure what to link, since I didn't want a random link to YouTube, but I settled on a link to my Clash Royale profile stats. While testing, I found it annoying that it would bring me to a page and I would have to back up to go back to localhost:3000. My solution was to figure out how to make the hyperlink open in a new tab, which was accomplished by setting the target to "_blank". 
    - **header**: I used header to separate the introduction on the page from the rest of it. While I am unsure if this had any impact on the page visually, it was at least helpful while coding to be able to separate the introduction from the content.
    - **ul**: I used ul to make a list of all CS courses I have taken at WPI. I found this more appealing than the table since it was less restrictive, meaning I could add the comment about how I took 1101 with Prof Cuneo! I do however prefer how the table looks and will likely use that as my default going forward.q

## Design Achievements
- **Used the Asimovian-Regular Font from Google Fonts**: I used Asimovian-Regular as the font for the primary header text in my site. This was not challenging at all, as Google did all of the coding for me and I just copy and pasted.
- **Used a custom color palette from color.adobe.com**: I used a custom color palette for the different elements on my website. The image of this palette is displayed on the website. It was somewhat challenging to use all the colors because I used a palette that had a lot of similar colors, meaning it was sometimes hard to find ways to make the colors contrast. 